[ 04142012 - 2012 ]

- Been quite some time since I last logged here ... 

- It's time to start using a version system that will make it easier for 
  others to develop with prggmr ... as much as I hate to do it I am going to
  transition to an official version 1.0.0 ... 

  For the past versions I have been the only one ( that I'm aware of ) 
  really using the library so my own personal version schema has worked quite
  well, but now that it's starting to be used more and more by others it will
  serve well to have an easily recognizable version schema.

- Along with that I am moving all prggmr API functions into the prggmr namespace
  ... while it is great that you can just load prggmr and BOOM you have this 
  entire API fully functioning and ready to go, it is apparent others are
  attempting to develop systems similar to the principals of prggmr ...
  although I have yet to see any I am impressed with it will defiantly introduce
  problems.

[ 03242012 - 1120 ]

- Performance testing shows that a handle costs about 2KB each.

- The Engine now maintains an event history and events now store their own
  history which allows for event analyzes.

[ 03232012 - 1815 ]

- The Engine is now almost fully re-factored with that the Queue, Event and 
  Signal objects have been completely redesigned. At this point prggmr is
  beginning to evolve and the evolution is incredible, it seems as though I 
  have stumbled upon how to make prggmr a Complex Event Engine ... which I 
  had no clue on how it would be done ... I guess it wasn't as difficult as
  I had originally thought it would be.

  With that I still need to establish a method of keeping a history of all
  signals and their associated events that have occurred, I'm thinking this will
  be done by simply inserting it into the Engine's memory with a timestamp and
  simply provide a method for either fully flushing this history or not keeping
  track at all ... but having a timeline of what happened and when during your
  application and having that easily accessible would be extraordinary.

- The states of all objects is still undetermined at this point, some of which
  are a bit more complex than I originally thought ... such as recycling a 
  corrupted event, I have thought of possibly looping through the event's 
  storage and detecting if there are any nodes in an error state but that could
  be incredibly complicated since it would be almost impossible to determine 
  what signifies an error state.

- As mentioned in the previous note I believe I have found a method for doing
  complex event processing, with that processing it seems as if it will be 
  possible to actually never have the engine aware of any of the complex events
  that are taking place but rather it would be robust enough to allow
  for anything such as a non-blocking socket connection, real-time based signal
  or complex event algorithms to instruct it on what to, this way it isn't the
  engine that limits what can be done with prggmr but rather what the programmer
  developing the complex signals can do providing limitless possibilities.

[ 03082012 - 1300 ]

- With the release of 5.4 this month I'm making PHP 5.4 a requirement, 
  after putting alot of thought into it and having so many places in the 
  code where I need to hack around a Closure not having a bind there 
  is no reason not to ... well other than no-one will support it until 2015 
  but thats not my problem is it.

- The utils ... the odd ball ... I really wasn't sure what to name this file,
  but I needed somewhere to place misc functions that didn't fit anywhere else.

- I believe I have finally come to a conclusion on the Queue implementation
  although I am still not pleased with it.

[ 03062012 - 1350 ]

- It has occured to me that the queues do not need a reference to the signal
  their handlers will be dispatched upon since this is already handled by the 
  engine, removing this reference decouples the queue.

[ 03052012 - 0845 ]

- I have made handles a stateful object since the engine does handle them 
  internally it may be usefull at some point to know exactly what is happening
  with the object, I also added the __invoke magic method to Handle which throws
  a BadMethodCallException, if it wasn't for PHP not passing by reference this
  would not be the case.

- The coupling that existed in the Signal has been cleaned up ... not even sure
  why I did it this way.

- I am attempting to trim down all prggmr objects as much as possible, which 
  should provide some performance gains and really simplify the objects. I'm 
  still wondering how I can trim down the Engine and find a way to move the Time
  based signals into their own little world without having to have the Engine
  do anything special with them.

[ 03042012 - 0810 ]

- Added the State class that will now be used for any object which will have a
  state, this is done to standardize states throughout prggmr and will be used
  for the Engine and Event objects.

[ 03032012 - 1930 ]

- Added the DEVLOG file, this file is to log out the thoughts and ideas which
  have gone into the development of prggmr, mainly for my own purposes when I
  come back and refactor old code.